Project Overview: For this assignment I decided to use Project Gutenburg as my data source. I found that it was most interesting to me and had books that are extremely well known. In terms of the analysis of the source, I chose to do a mix between characterizing by word frequencies, summary statistics, and Markov text syntehsis. The goal of my mini project was to create a code that outputs interesting information. I hoped to learn more ways of taking data and processing it in such a way that was simple, yet affective. 
Implementation: The major part of my code was my file_process function which stripped down the text, so that the words from the book would be the only things recorded into the histogram. The function removed unneeded characters, such as "-" and "!". Following that, I used the sum and len functions to add up the total frequencies of words and to count the number of different words. Using sorted, I was able to create histograms that contained the top 10 least and and most freqently used words  along with their given frequencies. 
Results: With my code I was able to collect data on the total amount of words in the book. To go further into depth, I was also able to use code to find the total number of different words in the book as well. Using sorted, I was able to create a histogram of the top ten most commonly used words and top ten least common words in the book. For fun, I created a Markov text synthesizer that created random text using words from the book. An example of the text that was outputed was: 
"down i  he couldn’t and two say we to saw think those see to a i the want after thinking said stop at and what not she  footman your did head if while since and away and sleepy moment think felt then she one very back to they’re useful in interest well life thoroughly mock us i here it proves over found again very  so at french of you court she they went spoke great puzzling going well alice order your right went rapped for  any forgetting at do without i began while witness like the"
Reflection: I think the whole process went well in general. However, I think I originally planned to create a few more complex functions, but failed to create anything that could work. I ended with a very basic project and did not plan for it to go like that. I think I coould add further code to analyze more and could clean up the actual output in the future. I can now apply this knowledge that I gained to analyze any other sort of data from other websites. I wish I knew more about other ways of analyzing data. I think knowing more ways to code functions that output more complex data would be interesting, but definitely more challenging. 